CASMINST-5984 add to management-nodes-rollout docs (#3366)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/upgrade_all_products.md

This section describes how to update software on management nodes. It describes how to test a new image and CFS configuration on a single "canary node" first before rolling it out to the other management nodes. Modify the procedure
as necessary to accommodate site preferences for rebuilding management nodes. The images and CFS configurations used are created by the `prepare-images` and `update-cfs-config` stages respectively; see the `prepare-images`
[Artifacts created](../stages/prepare_images.md#artifacts-created) section for details on how to query the images and [update-cfs-config](../stages/update_cfs_config.md) section for details about how the CFS configuration is updated.

**`NOTE`** Additional arguments are available to control the behavior of the `management-nodes-rollout` stage, for example `--limit-management-rollout` and `-cmrp`. See the
[`management-nodes-rollout` stage documentation](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md) for details and adjust the examples below if necessary.

> **Important** There is a different procedure for  `management-nodes-rollout` depending on whether or not CSM is being upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT** There is a different procedure for  `management-nodes-rollout` depending on whether or not CSM is being upgraded.
```

The two procedures differ in the handling of NCN storage nodes and NCN master nodes. If CSM is not being upgraded, then NCN storage nodes and NCN master nodes will not be upgraded and will be updated by the CFS configuration
created in [update-cfs-config](../stages/update_cfs_config.md).
If CSM is being upgraded, the NCN storage nodes and NCN master nodes will be upgraded.
Both procedures use the same steps for rebuilding/upgrading NCN worker nodes.
Select **one** of the following procedures based on whether or not CSM is being upgraded.

> - [Management-nodes-rollout with CSM upgrade](#651-management-nodes-rollout-with-csm-upgrade)

Reviewer: I think this section (and the one referenced in the line right below this one) is really about the master and storage nodes only, right?  If so, I'd reword as
```
NCN master and storage nodes with CSM upgrade scenario
```

That way, the flow is a bit more obvious/consistent, e.g the table of contents at the top will look like this:
```
6.5 Execute the IUF `management-nodes-rollout` stage
- 6.5.1 NCN master and strorage nodes with CSM upgrade
- 6.5.2 NCN master and storage nodes without CSM upgrade
- 6.5.3 NCN worker nodes
```

Or maybe it should even be:
```
6.5 Execute the IUF `management-nodes-rollout` stage
- 6.5.1 NCN master and strorage nodes
    - 6.5.1.1 with CSM upgrade
    - 6.5.1.2 without CSM upgrade
- 6.5.2 NCN worker nodes
```

- [Management-nodes-rollout with no CSM upgrade](#652-management-nodes-rollout-with-no-csm-upgrade)

#### 6.5.1 Management-nodes-rollout with CSM upgrade

All management nodes will need to be upgraded to a new image because CSM is being upgraded. NCN master nodes, excluding `ncn-m001`, and NCN worker nodes can be upgraded with IUF.
NCN storage nodes and `ncn-m001` will be upgraded with manual commands.

> This section describes how to test a new image and CFS configuration on a single "canary node" for NCN master nodes and NCN worker nodes first before rolling it out to the other NCN master nodes and NCN worker nodes.

Reviewer: This should no longer refer to worker nodes as that is in a separate section now.

Author: I am choosing to leave this as is. I think this is the overview of the section for upgrading all management nodes, including worker nodes. In my opinion it is not harmful to leave. It can be changed later if needed.

Follow the steps below to upgrade all management nodes.

1. Refer to the "Install and Upgrade Framework" section of each individual product's installation documentation to determine if any special actions need to be performed outside of IUF for the `management-nodes-rollout` stage.

1. Get the image-id and CFS configuration created during `prepare-images` and `update-cfs-config` stages.
Follow the instructions in [prepare-images](../stages/prepare_images.md#artifacts-created) to get the artifacts for `management-node-images`. For the images with the `configuration_group_name` matching
`Management_Master` and `Management_Storage`, get the values for `final_image_id` and `configuration`.

> These values will be needed when upgrading NCN storage nodes and `ncn-m001`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values will be needed when upgrading NCN storage nodes and `ncn-m001` in the following steps.
```

1. NCN storage node upgrade

    1. Set the CFS configuration on all storage nodes.

        1. (`ncn-m#`) Set `CFS_CONFIG_NAME` to be the value for `configuration` found for `Management_Storage` nodes in the previous step.

            ```bash
            CFS_CONFIG_NAME=configuration
            ```

        1. (`ncn-m#`) Get all NCN storage node xnames.

            ```bash
            XNAMES=$(cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Storage --type Node --format json | jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")')

>             echo $XNAMES

Reviewer: Mitch told me to document all variables like ```"${XNAMES}"```.  This change applies here and in other places below where $XNAMES and $XNAME are referred to.

            ```

        1. (`ncn-m#`) Set the configuration on all storage nodes.

            ```bash
            /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/configuration/apply_csm_configuration.sh \
            --no-config-change --config-name "${CFS_CONFIG_NAME}" --xnames $XNAMES --no-enable --no-clear-err
            ```

            Expected output:

              ```bash
              All components updated successfully.
              ```

    1. Set the image in BSS on all storage nodes by following the [Update NCN boot parameters](../../configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md#4-update-ncn-boot-parameters)
    section of [Management node image customizations](../../configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md).

>     Set `IMS_RESULTANT_IMAGE_ID` variable to the `final_image_id` for `Management_Storage` found in the second step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set the `IMS_RESULTANT_IMAGE_ID` variable to the `final_image_id` value for `Management_Storage` found in step 2 above.
```

    1. (`ncn-m#`) Upgrade one NCN storage node.

        **NOTE** This creates an additional, separate Argo workflow for rebuilding a NCN storage node. The Argo workflow name will include the string `ncn-lifecycle-rebuild`. If monitoring progress with the Argo UI, remember to include these workflows.

        ```bash
        /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/scripts/upgrade/ncn-upgrade-worker-storage-nodes.sh ncn-s001 --upgrade
        ```

>     1. Verify that the storage node booted and is configured correctly. The CFS configuration can be checked will the command below using the `xname` of the node that was upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Verify that the storage node booted and is configured correctly. The CFS configuration can be verified with the command below using the `xname` of the node that was upgraded.
```

        ```bash
        XNAME=x3000c0s13b0n0
        cray cfs components describe $XNAME
        ```

>         It is expected that `configurationStatus` is `configured`. If it is `pending`, then wait for the status to be `configured`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The desired value for `configurationStatus` is `configured`. If it is `pending`, then wait for the status to change to `configured`.
```

        ```

    1. Invoke `iuf run` with `-r` to execute the [`management-nodes-rollout`](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md) stage on `ncn-m002`. This will rebuild the canary node with the new CFS configuration and image built in
    previous steps of the workflow.

        (`ncn-m001#`) Execute the `management-nodes-rollout` stage with `ncn-m002`.

        ```bash
        iuf -a "${ACTIVITY_NAME}" run -r management-nodes-rollout --limit-management-rollout Management_Master
        ```

    1. Verify that `ncn-m002` booted successfully with the desired image and CFS configuration.

    1. Use `kubectl` to label remove `iuf-prevent-rollout=true` from `ncn-m003` and add it to `ncn-m002`.

        (`ncn-m001#`) Remove label from `ncn-m003` and add it to `ncn-m002` to prevent it from rebuilding.

        ```bash
        kubectl label nodes "ncn-m002" --overwrite iuf-prevent-rollout=true
        kubectl label nodes "ncn-m003" --overwrite iuf-prevent-rollout-
        ```

        (`ncn-m001#`) Verify the IUF node labels are present on the desired node.

        ```bash
        kubectl get nodes --show-labels | grep iuf-prevent-rollout
        ```

>     1. Invoke `iuf run` with `-r` to execute the [`management-nodes-rollout`](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md) stage on `ncn-m003`. This will rebuild the `ncn-m002` with the new CFS configuration and image built in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Invoke `iuf run` with `-r` to execute the [`management-nodes-rollout`](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md) stage on `ncn-m003`. This will rebuild the `ncn-m003` with the new CFS configuration and image built in
```

    previous steps of the workflow.

>         (`ncn-m001#`) Execute the `management-nodes-rollout` stage with `ncn-m002`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        (`ncn-m001#`) Execute the `management-nodes-rollout` stage with `ncn-m003`.
```

            ```bash
            CFS_CONFIG_NAME=configuration
            ```

        1. (`ncn-m#`) Get the `xname` of `ncn-m001`.

            ```bash
            XNAME=$(ssh ncn-m001 'cat /etc/cray/xname')
            echo $XNAME
            ```

        1. (`ncn-m#`) Set the CFS configuration on `ncn-m001`.

            ```bash
            /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/configuration/apply_csm_configuration.sh \
            --no-config-change --config-name "${CFS_CONFIG_NAME}" --xnames $XNAME --no-enable --no-clear-err
            ```

            Expected output:

              ```bash
              All components updated successfully.
              ```

    1. Set the image in BSS on `ncn-m001` by following the [Update NCN boot parameters](../../configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md#4-update-ncn-boot-parameters)
    section of [Management node image customizations](../../configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md).
    Set `IMS_RESULTANT_IMAGE_ID` variable to the `final_image_id` for `Management_Master` found in the second step.

>     1. (`ncn-m002#`) Upgrade `ncn-m001`. It is **important** to execute this from **`ncn-m002`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-m002#`) Upgrade `ncn-m001`. This **must** be executed on **`ncn-m002`**.
```

#### 6.5.2 Management-nodes-rollout with no CSM upgrade

This is the procedure to rollout management nodes if CSM is not being upgraded. NCN worker node images contain kernel module content from non-CSM products and need to be rebuilt as part of the workflow.
Unlike NCN worker nodes, NCN master nodes and storage nodes do not contain kernel module content from non-CSM products. However, userspace non-CSM product content is still provided on NCN master nodes and storage nodes and thus the `prepare-images` and `update-cfs-config`
stages create a new image and CFS configuration for NCN master nodes and storage nodes. The CFS configuration layers ensure the non-CSM product content is applied correctly for both
image customization and node personalization scenarios. As a result, the administrator
can update NCN master and storage nodes using CFS configuration only.
Follow the following steps to complete the `management-nodes-rollout` stage.

1. Rebuild the NCN worker nodes. Follow the procedure in section [6.5.3 NCN worker nodes](#653-ncn-worker-nodes). Then return to this procedure to complete the next step.

1. Configure NCN master and NCN storage nodes.

>     1. (`ncn-m#`) Get the XNAMES for all NCN master and NCN storage nodes in a comma separated list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-m#`) Get the xnames for all NCN master and NCN storage nodes in a comma separated list.
```
